NGMT1: An obsidian chess piece.
NGMT2: Part of a map displaying a large X.
NGMT3: A chalice that sweetens beverages poured into it
NGMT4: A tankard with "Dowmir's Annual Dwarven Drinking Contest - 2nd Place" written upon it.
NGMT5: A lantern with a handle crafted of bone.
NGMT6: A tattered book with many censored words.
NGMT7: A bookmark with an old wizard's bucket list written upon it.
NGMT8: A tiny ruby lobster.
NGMT9: A box of beautiful, but mundane, rocks.
NGMT10: A small emerald snake.
NGMT11: A toy boat with peeling paint and initials carved into the deck.
NGMT12: A small glass container with a rose inside.
NGMT13: A broken arrow with a blood-stained tip.
NGMT14: A ball of multicolored yarn.
NGMT15: A large feather that glows in the moonlight.
NGMT16: A small brass hourglass with blue sand.
NGMT17: A small wooden treasure chest with a lump of coal inside.
NGMT18: A grappling hook made from wyvern claws.
NGMT19: A small wooden cricket that hops when wound up.
NGMT20: A wand that projects the image of a butterfly.
NGMT21: A strange crown made of coral and sticks.
NGMT22: A highly detailed green dragon puppet.
NGMT23: A neon pink wig.
NGMT24: A pair of snakeskin boots.
NGMT25: A pair of glasses held together by tape.
NGMT26: A finely-polished steel crescent moon.
NGMT27: An apple that never seems to rot. 
NGMT28: A green candle that attracts fireflies when burned.
NGMT29: A badly burnt diary. 
NGMT30: A petrified frog.
NGMT31: A small wooden maze and steel ball.
NGMT32: A candle holder with a dragon wrapped around the base.
NGMT33: A lovely, foldable kite.
NGMT34: A ring with the word "Always" inscribed around the inside.
NGMT35: A list of names with half of them crossed off. Your name is at the bottom of the list.
NGMT36: The preserved body of a scorpion in a glass case.
NGMT37: A large quilt that always folds with ease.
NGMT38: A footlong tobacco pipe.
NGMT39: An iron turtle that doubles as a flask.
NGMT40: A music box that plays a common lullaby.
NGMT41: A piece of meteorite that still smoulders but is cool to the touch.
NGMT42: A set of hand drawn playing cards.
NGMT43: A potion bottle with a mysterious purple substance inside.
NGMT44: A small swan carved from ice that never melts.
NGMT45: A chess board with magnetized pieces that prevent cheating.
NGMT46: A rusted hatchet with initials carved into the handle.
NGMT47: A small jar with a label that reads "Gelatinous Jelly."
NGMT48: A family portrait with a face torn out.
NGMT49: A twenty-sided die with a sword in place of the 20.
NGMT50: A broken clockwork raven.
NGMT51: A pair of gloves made of [[werewolf]] leather.
NGMT52: The fossilized claw of a [[griffon]].
NGMT53: A putrid cylinder of cream labeled "[[Flumph|flumph]] Bait."
NGMT54: A bag woven from the scales of a young [[dragon]]. It holds half a dozen dice.
NGMT55: A pebble that will return to you every morning if lost.
NGMT56: A two-faced silver coin.
NGMT57: A leather belt that adjusts to any sized individual.
NGMT58: A piece of stained glass with a rune upon it.
NGMT59: A quill that causes words written with it to glow when in darkness.
NGMT60: A necklace made from the beak and feathers of an [[owlbear]].
NGMT61: A lei of colorful flowers that change colors with your mood.
NGMT62: A small glass dome that, when shaken, shows the weather.
NGMT63: A small painted flower pot that grows plants twice as fast.
NGMT64: A [[minotaur]] figurine with a missing eye.
NGMT65: A 1-inch rubber ball that bounces for far longer than it should.
NGMT66: A large hooped earring that also functions as a lockpick.
NGMT67: An eye-patch with a heart sewn on the inside.
NGMT68: A set of fake [[tiefling]] horns that look incredibly realistic.
NGMT69: A 3-inch sphere constructed of a hundred small magnetic stones.
NGMT70: A note that simply reads, "Somehow, someway, I will find you again."
NGMT71: A potion bottle filled with water that slowly refills throughout the day.
NGMT72: A pouch that seems to contain an endless supply of stale breadcrumbs.
NGMT73: A set of flint and steel that creates blue fire.
NGMT74: A [[mithral]] brooch belonging to a distant royal family.
NGMT75: A purple crystal that glows when you are having a nightmare.
NGMT76: A bottle half-filled with water and a small ship inside. The ship always points north.
NGMT77: A compass with a strange sigil upon it. The needle spins wildly when any of its six sister compasses are near.
NGMT78: A finely carved and painted 3-inch tall figurine of a famous hero.
NGMT79: A worn [[holy symbol]] that transforms into a deadly knife with the press of a button.
NGMT80: A clam shell that can only be opened by you.
NGMT81: A box of various sized metal gears from a mysterious machine.
NGMT82: A sapling with a tag attached that reads: "Definitely Magical."
NGMT83: A pouch depicting a boat that sails around the fabric.
NGMT84: A horseshoe with the word 'Lucky' engraved on it.
NGMT85: A decorative fan that, when unfolded, depicts a children's fairy tale, and when waved, gives off bursts of color.
NGMT86: A large spiral seashell. When you hold it up to your ear, you hear the song of the [[siren]]s.
NGMT87: A spool of thread made from the tail of a [[unicorn]].
NGMT88: An egg the size of a chicken egg. It is silver and covered in small spikes.
NGMT89: A set of jacks and a small red ball. When the ball is squeezed, the jacks turn to caltrops for 30 seconds.
NGMT90: A black book that automatically records the details of any death that occurs within 50 ft. of you.
NGMT91: A set of eye drops that randomly changes your eye color for the day.
NGMT92: A single fragment from an ancient, powerful weapon.
NGMT93: A deed from a lord for a plot of land. It is completely covered with the words "He lies!"